Hey i'm Farza, and this is Clicky. Clicky is a little AI companion that lives on your screen and follows you around as you use your computer. Here's how it works. When you press Control + Option, um, in that moment, Clicky can see your screen and help you with whatever you're trying to do. So-- And you don't even have to leave the program that you're in. That's the crazy part. So let's say that, you know, you're in After Effects, and you have no idea how to color grade a video. Let's say you're writing a tweet, and you want some feedback. Uh, let's say you're in Claude Code or Codex, and you wanna learn more about how to actually use it. Uh, no matter what you're trying to do, Clicky can help you 'cause it can see your screen and talk back to you and help you figure out whatever you-- whatever you're trying to do. Clicky can also move around and point at things, which is really helpful when it-- when you need s-- almost like a friend that's gonna guide you through whatever you're trying to do. Last thing, Clicky can also spawn agents for you. All you have to say is, "Hey, Clicky agent," and then ask for literally whatever you want. Take your... So here's a request. Take your hands off the-- off your keyboard right now, and let me show you something magical. Just watch me spawn an agent with just my voice. Hey, Clicky agent, I am the CEO of this company-- of this rocket company you see on my screen. Can you research my competitors and save it as a PDF and open it for me when you're done? And just like that, at the top of your screen, you'll see Clicky just spawned an agent, and I just did it with just my voice. You can even hover it and see what the agent is doing. And because Clicky is a general agent, it means it can also build stuff. So check this out. Hey, Clicky agent, can you make me a website for the beautiful person watching this video right now and open it in the browser when you're done? And bada bing, now we have two agents working, and Clicky will let you know when they're done. 
Uh, and so that's Clicky agent. It can do so much more. It can set app reminders for you on your native Apple Reminders. It can schedule stuff for you. It can write stuff for you. It can do anything. It's the simplest interface in the world to talk to the models and spawn agents. Uh, let us know what you think. It's-- This is all still really early. We're-- We've only-- We're only, like, two weeks into this. If you run into, into-- If you run into any issues, please, uh, message me here. I'll open my Twitter here and just DM me. Cool. Bye.